OSDOCS-10209: ROSA "Approved Access" (was Lockbox) (#77370)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/support-submitting-a-case-enable-approved-access.adoc

Reviewer: Per https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/77370/files#r1656901282 it seemed like the decision was to keep it init cap as "Approved Access" throughout, but this file mostly has it lowercase "approved access".

Author: reverted as thought better too and what was agreed

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * support/getting-support.adoc
// * osd_architecture/osd-support.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="support-submitting-a-case-enable-approved-access_{context}"]

> = Submitting a support case to enable approved access for ROSA clusters

Reviewer 2: Just a suggestion to put the most important part (enabling approved access) first

```suggestion
= Enabling approved access for ROSA clusters by submitting a support case
```

> 

Reviewer 3: @fmcdonal :

> ROSA Approved Access is not enabled by default. To enable Approved Access for your ROSA clusters, you should create a support ticket.

.Procedure

. Log in to the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/cases/#/case/list[*Customer Support*] page of the Red{nbsp}Hat Customer Portal.

. Click *Get support*.

. On the *Cases* tab of the *Customer Support* page:

.. Optional: Change the pre-filled account and owner details if needed.

.. Select the appropriate category for your issue: *Configuration*, and click *Continue*.

. Enter the following information:

.. In the *Product* field, select *{product-title}* or *{hcp-title-first}*.
.. In the *Problem statement* field, enter *ROSA Approved Access*.
.. Click *See more options*.

. Select *OpenShift Cluster ID* from the drop-down.

. Fill the remaining mandatory fields in the form:

.. What are you experiencing? What are you expecting to happen?
... Fill with *Approved Access*.

.. Define the value or impact to you or the business.
... Fill with *Approved Access*.
.. Click *Continue*.

> . Select *severity* as *4(Low)* and click *Continue*.

Reviewer 2: Just checking that "severity" really is lowercase in the UI, or if it should be capitalized?

Author: it was thanks

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * support/getting-support.adoc
// * osd_architecture/osd-support.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="support-submitting-a-case-enable-approved-access_{context}"]
= Submitting a support case to enable approved access for ROSA clusters

.Procedure

. Log in to the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/cases/#/case/list[*Customer Support*] page of the Red{nbsp}Hat Customer Portal.

. Click *Get support*.

. On the *Cases* tab of the *Customer Support* page:

.. Optional: Change the pre-filled account and owner details if needed.

.. Select the appropriate category for your issue: *Configuration*, and click *Continue*.

. Enter the following information:

.. In the *Product* field, select *{product-title}* or *{hcp-title-first}*.

> .. In the *Problem statement* field, enter *Enable ROSA Access Protection*.

Reviewer 3: @fmcdonal Enable `ROSA Approved Access`

> .. In the *Product* field, select *{product-title}* or *{hcp-title}*.

Reviewer: `{hcp-title}` coming through verbatim

. Select *OpenShift Cluster ID* from the drop-down.

. Fill the remaining mandatory fields in the form:

.. What are you experiencing? What are you expecting to happen?

> ... Fill with *Access Protection*.

Reviewer 3: @fmcdonal `Approved Access`

.. Define the value or impact to you or the business.

> ... Fill with *Access Protection*.

Reviewer 3: @fmcdonal  `Approved Access`

.. Click *Continue*.

. Select *severity* as *4(Low)* and click *Continue*.

. Preview the case details and click *Submit*.

> Once the access protection becomes enabled and an access request is created by the Red{nbsp}Hat SRE, cluster owners will receive an email notification with a link for the access request review page. Also, pending access requests are available on the {hybrid-console-second}, within the cluster details page, in the *access requests* tab.

Reviewer 3: @fmcdonal As a suggestion:

> With Approved Access enabled, for any Access Request created by Red{nbsp}Hat SRE, cluster owners will receive an email notification. The email notification will contain a link allowing the Cluster Owner to quickly approve or deny the Access Request.
> 
> Pending access requests are also available for review on the {hybrid-console-second}, within the cluster details page, via the Access Requests tab.
>
